2009-01-31  Sergey Sharybin <g.ulairi@gmail.com>
	Switched to GIT versioning system. Fture changelogs see
in git commit log.

2008-05-11  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* libwebtester/ipc.h : fixed incorrect cheking freeing of command
buffer in ipc_parse_clients().

2008-04-03  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	WebTester Server 5.0.2-RC1 is out.

2008-03-22  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Code and project cleenuping. Last preparations before realising 5.0.2.

	* informatics/tester.c : Added zerolization of array of output parameters.

2008-03-16  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	There were big troubles with my HDD (anyway, it is now dead) so there are
some code regressions.

	* libwebtester/unique.c : Memory optimization.

2008-03-04  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* _webtester.c       : fixed bug with incorrect file of PID file.
	* configure          : added option to set supervisor's PID filename.
	* libwebtester/ipc.h : field `login` is now has length in 32 bytes.

	Some other optimization of memory usage. One megabyte optimized :)

2008-03-03  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Added some flexibility to installation scripts.

2008-02-28  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* webtester/main.c    : Added checking of effective  UID and  GID to  be  equal
to WEBTESTER_USER:WEBTESTER_GROUP.
	* webtester/cmdline.c : Added optins --help and --version.
	* stuff/_webtester.c  : Some changes for --help and --version works propely.
	config.h : Added option HOME_DIRECTORY.

	Rough  draft  of  INSTALL   documentation.   Source  code  will  be   avaliable
download soon.

	There is time to release 5.0.2 but we  haven't  debug  this  branch  perfectly.
	Well, waiting...

	Started hard work around articles in Wiki.

2008-02-25  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* libwebtester/core-io.c : Optimized storing of CORE's messages.
	* libwebtester/flexval.h : System fields of structures made no so large.
	* webtester/ipc_bultin.c : added IPC function `vesrion` which  sends a  vesrion
of the CORE.

2008-02-23  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* webtester/stat.c     : Realized sending non-packed stat to IPC client.
	* informatics/tester.c : Added per-compiler correction of resource limits.

2008-02-20  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* webtester/ipc_blacklist.c: Added IPC function `ip`

2008-02-19  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Added basic blacklisting stuff. Need to make it as flexible as possible.

	* webtester/ip_builtin.c:  Make code more readable. Some small bugfixes.

	TODO:
	  - Realize IPC commands for blocking/unblocking IPs.

2008-02-17  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Started working towards anty-spy in IPC stuff.

	* libwebtester/ipc-blacklist.c : added ipc blacklisting stuff.

2008-02-13  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* incformatics/problem-uploader.c :  fixed  incorrect  spawming  of   problem's
uploading thread. 

2008-02-12  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	WebTester Server 5.0.1, WebTester Frontend 1.0.0 released!

	Deattached branch 5.0.2

	* Added skipping execution commands from  client  when it  has  failure  during
authentification.

2008-01-04  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Added missing libraries to Informatics to run solutions in fakeroot.

	WebTester Server 5.0.1-RC, WebTester Server Frontend 1.0.0-RC1 is out!

2008-01-02  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* core-io.c : debugged core_print() to work properly in silent mode.

	Added init.d script.

2007-12-31  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	WebTester Server 5.0.1-RC1, WebTester Server Frontend 1.0.0-RC1 are coming...

2007-12-30  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Pipe stiff moved to plugin. Added pipe support to frontend. Some strange  bugs
in frontend has been found. 

	Added read chrooting.

	* lrvm/main.c : debugged chrroting and setugid() splitted into  two  functions:
setugid_prepare()   whitch  reads  sequrity  information  from  config  file and 
chugid() whichs changes user and group ID of process.

2007-12-29  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* fs-packer.c : use ${unpackdir} and ${file} in packer's configuration string.

	Small changes in WebTester Server hypervisor. Added support of `--debug` option
in command line and CORE/DebugMode in config file.

2007-12-28  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* informatics/testing.c : added Informatics_SuspendTesting() and
Informatics_resumeTesting(). Will be usefull for task uploading stuff.
	* informatics/uploader-problem.c  :  changed   for  usage  of  new  stuff  from
testing.c

	TODO:
		* Change unpacker params string mask in config file for using variables, like
${file}, ${dir}, etc..

2007-12-14  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* libwebtester/hook.h    : added __data parameter to hook_call().

2007-12-12  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* libwebtester/plugin.c  :  added stuff for activating/deactivating plugins.

2007-12-08  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Started working towards PIPE between server and frontend to send CORE messages.

2007-12-07  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* testlib.pas  : fixed bug in ReadString()
	* librun/run.c : Fixed  bug  with   incorrect   detecting of   zombies,   added
corrections of RSS memory and time usage.

2007-11-17  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* libwebtester/flexval.c : added flexval_cmp()

	And a lot of working on stat stuff.

2007-11-10  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Continue working towards server's  frontend.  Some  bugfixes  in  libwebtester.
Hard worked towards stat stuff in frontend. Base of its is written.

2007-11-02  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* libwebtester/fs-packer.c : all   packing   and    unpacking  stuff  is    now
configured  by  config file.
	* testlib/testlib.c        : closed bug with newlines in testlib_read_string().
	* libwebtester/util.c      : fixed bug in trim().
	* informatics/tester.c     : call trim()  before   unpacking  tests. Added some
additional information to log file.

2007-10-30  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* stat.c                 : start writting statistics stuff
	* libwebtester/flexval.c : added flexval_serialize().

2007-10-29  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Started working under WebTester Server 5.0.1

	* libwebtester/ipc.c : small changes in logging stuff
	* ipc.c              : added integration  from  libwebtester,  authontification
stuff.
	* queue.c, belts.c   : added `active` stuff. Added integration with IPC  stuff.
  * hive.c             : added including support

2007-10-28  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	WebTester Server 5.0.0 released!

2007-10-24  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* libwebtester/dynastruc.c : added dyna_sort()
	* libwebtester/fs.c        : added smart sorting in dir_listing()
	* webinterface.c           : closed   bug  with   unpacking   of  zero   buffer
in webiface_get_task()

	Project turned to status `Testing`. Debug messages  are  still  presents.  Work
towars release is in progress.

2007-10-15  Sergeu Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	LOG stuff causses some troubles: when  packing  of  logfile  is  started  while
logging message about reading socket from LRVM, we're  caucghing  CR  because  of
timeout answering from LRVM. I  move  packing  stuff  to  separated  thread,  but
copying of ogfile is still stopping logging stuff. Anyway, it became not so  bad.
I'll try to fix bugs with logging and testlib.pas soon.

	I'm expecting RC2 tonight =)

	Hm.. I looked towards trouble in testlib.pas. It is good. Maybe there  was  not
latest version of compiled binaries at school olympiad?

	There is nothing more beautiful with fixing bug in logging stuff, than up  some
configurations. Sure, it is not bad at all.

	* libwebtester/fs-packer.c : maked working properly with files whitch  contains
dot in name.

	* Some hourses later * Oh, yeah! RC2 is out!

	Webinterface is unfreezed. Some small changes towards intarface.

	Oh, some bugfixes in logick of webinterface.

2007-10-14  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Today we've had an olympiad in our school and we used new WebTester Server  and
Client. So, it wasn't bad at all. There were some troubles, but they were not too
difficult to fix.

	So that, it will be the realse in few days =)

2007-10-09  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Is it time to start code cleanup? And one more difficult question: is  it  time
to realise WebTester Server 5.0.0 or it  would  be  better  to  realise  RC1  and
contunue working towards perfect release?

	Well, on Sunday 14th of October we'll see.

2007-10-07  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	WebTester Server 5.0.0-RC1 is out.

2007-10-05  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Small bugfixes in LibRUN's hypervisor pool.

	RC1 is coming soon.. I hope...

	TODO (after unfreezing)
		- Write IPC stuff (IPC builtin)
		- Add some hooks to such functions, as  core_print,  queue_fill,  belts_fill,
etc. to make community with frontend more easyly and quick.
		- Change system() to execve() in sys_launch()
		- Pack log files in background

2007-10-01  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Practically permanent working of  server.  Rarely  segfols  and  crashes  while
testing tasks.

	* librun/hv.c       :  added mutexes in run_hv_proc_stats().
	* librun/hv_pool.c  :  added mutexes in run_hvpool_proc_stats_by_pid_iter().

2007-09-28  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	Closed some small bugs and fixed memory leak in run_unpack_cmd().  Socket  from
which librun stuff copllects info about finished tasks converted to locking mode.
Troubles with `couldn't find accounting info`  in  busy  processors  occurs  much
occasional.

	TODO:
		Server is now use much more processor's resources. But why ad is  it  normal?
		Is it time to start refactoring?

2007-09-26  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	WebTEtser Server, WebTester Client interface  is  frozen.  Only  bugfixes  will
be accepted.

2007-09-23  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* libwebtester/log.c  : written log stuff
	* libwebtester/fs.c   : added packable file duplicating.
	* libwebtester/util.c : added some function for logging stuff and not only.

2007-09-22  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* libwebtester/network-smb.c : all samba's stuff is now here
	* informatics/tester.c       : limited  maximal  length  of  the  message  from
compiler

2007-09-10  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* webtester/mainloop.c : separated delay between updating status  of  queue and
belts.
	* webtester/belts.c    : added some beauty in printing messages.
	* informatics/tester.c : changed mode of  testing  directory.  Reading  is  not
allowed to users different from webtester:webtester.

	TODO:
		- add some hash as suffix to current testing directory.

2007-09-03  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* librun/hv.c         : written stuff for autodetecting and generating CPU mask
	* libwebtester/conf.c :  debugged  config_open_key()  for  correct  working  in
multiply threads.
	* libwebtester/cmd    : added mutexes for more safty

2007-09-02  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	A lot of hardwork towards to finish WebTester  to  new  study  year.  A  lot of
different bugfixes, optinizations,  some  modules  are  rewritten  and  some  new
modules has been written.
	Practically stable working of server part of WebTester. There  were  a  lot  of
work under WebInterface too. Now it works practically stable.
	Written installation and uninstallation scripts.

	And more, and more, and more..

2007-07-23  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* librun/hv.c : fixed bug with illegular reading CPU mask from config  file  in
function run_hypervisor_init().
	* informatics/tester.c : added some beauty to source code.

	Some parameters was put to config file.

2007-07-20  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	Some bugfixes in informatics/tester.c Debugged buildage of debian package. Some
work during testlib and testlib++.

	librun/run.c : fixed irregular overviewing of belts.
	librun/ipc.c : debugged getting client by unique.
  librun/run.c : added process terminating if there is no answer from LRVM throug
IPC.

2007-07-18  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	A lot of optimizing and bugfixes in LibRUN. Continue writting  Informatics  and
started writting of testlib.

	* libwebtester/strlib.h : fixed illegular counting of elements in explode().

	Some small changes in Makefile-s
  
	TODO: (total list)
		- Debug librun stuff
		- Finish writting Informatics
		- Realize logging stuff
		- IPC

	* informatics/tester.c : written logging stuff. some bugfixes.

	Hm.. Some troubles with testlib. Need check EOF of output file before returning
_OK, but how have we say to this lib descruptor of output file?
	Eh.. Flexibility...

	Updates to TODO list:
		- Write some macroses to make testlib stuff more flexible.

2007-07-16  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.h>
	Some heave work towards librun. Practically written and little tested.  But  it
needs some more deeply testing.
	Some small bugfixes in main stuff.  Small  changes  in  the  structure  of  the
project. Start writting Informatics.

2007-06-23  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	* webinterface.c   : some debugging, optimizing. Added task restore stuff.
	* webtester/task.c : added dynastruc deleter with task restoring stuff.

2007-05-17  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* libwebtester/hive.c : fixed bug with uncorrect  calculating  of  current line
number
	* libwebtester/network-soup.c : fixed memory leaks

2007-05-16  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* libwebtester/core-fs.c :
	* fs.c                   : added   stuff  for     cating  files  in  registered
  derictories
	* libwebtester/hook.c    : added hook_unregister ().

	TODO:
	* libwebtester/hook.c : write stuff for different types of unregistering hook.

2007-05-15  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	TODO:
	* libwebtester/regexp.c : check  for  memory   leaks  in   preg_replace()   and
preg_match(),

2007-05-14  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* libwebtester/hive.c : patched function hive_open_key() to work  with  arrays.

2007-05-13  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	Some hardworking during configuration and flexval stuff

	* libwebtester/flexval.c  :
	* libwebtester/hive.c     : added stuff for  flexible  arrays.  Minor  testing.
	Fixed some old and new bugs, fixed memory leaks

  TODO:
	* libwebtester/flexval.c : add  stuff  for  deleting  and insertings  elements.
	Check error-handling stuff. Add comments support to parsering stuff.

	* libwebtester/hive.c    : realize opening keys by path like "smth/arr/val[123]".
	Add error-handling error for unserialization of  array  values.  Check  current
  errors handling.

2007-05-08  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	Optimised for debian-way making and installation stuff.

2007-05-02  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>

	* libwebtester/plugin.h : fixed bug in plugin_search_by_name_comparator()

	Some work in task.c and mainloop.c. Now its more flexible uses WebIFACE.

2007-05-01  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	Contunue working with client webinterface. Some changes and bugfixes in  server
stuff:

	* task.h               :  all task-specified defenitions will be here.
	* webiface/transport.h :  dropped declaration of `wt_task_t` structure.
	* libwebtester/network-soup.c : fixed bug with recieveing  content  with  empty
body.
	* belts.c              : just started to write

	Headers' including is now more protable.

2007-94-23  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	* dynastruc.c    : sebuged function dyna_get_item_by_index()
	* hive.c         : added hive_next_sibling() and hive_prev_sibling() functions.
	And some other smaller bugfixes.

2007-04-03  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	* core-error.c   : written core error backtracking
	* webinterface   : continue writting WebIface stuff
	* pcre.c         : fixed bug with uncorrect parsing of pattern

2007-04-02  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	* libwebtester/hive.c  :  used old-written hive-tree support stuff
	* webtester/mainloop.c :  started to write testing mainloop
	* webtester/main.c     : small changes in initialization stuff
  
	TODO:
		* Write hive_dump_to_buf() and hive_dump_to_file() for new hive stuff
		* Check for memory leaks new hive stuff

2007-03-22  Sergey Sharybin <<sharybin@nm.ru>
	* mk/objective.mk        : debugged stuff for compiling dynamic libraries.
	* webinterface/Makefile  : rewritten with using new stuff from objective.mk

2007-03-19  Sergey Sgarybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	* webtester/ipc.c      :  just starded to write
	* webtester/mainloop.c :  just starded to write
	* webtester/main.c     :  initializing/uninitializing stuff is  now  more  e2u.

  Some bugfixes in libwebtester. Started to use hooks :)

2007-03-16  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	Some gugfixes. Started to write WebTester's stuff.

2007-03-16  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	Forked from temporary project Core and renamed to  Webtester. Some  new- witten
stuff. Small changes in build stuff.

2007-03-13  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	Some changes in building stuff.

2007-03-04  Sergay Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	Started to write packing stuff. Some changes in makefile's stuff.

2007-03-03  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	Appened regexp stuff. Small changes in project's structure. Appened locale  and
libgda stuff.
	
	TODO:
		- Move parsering flags outsize of errors.h

2007-02-27  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	* hive.c : updated  child  nodes storage  stuff  to  using  dynastruc.  Written
hive_dump_to_buf() and hive_dump_to_file().

	Added a lot of different stuff, mainly from old-written  stuff.  But  smth  has
been rewritten.

	TODO:
		* hive.c:
			- Write stuff for dumping comments

		- Write logging stuff
		- Write GDA stuff
		- Write debugging stuff
		- Write regexp stuff
		- Realise core built-in for strings (?)

2007-02-26  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	* hive.c : written single line commants stuff in  hive_parse_iterator().  Fixed
some bugs in option definition stuff. Fixed memory leak in hive_node_free().

2007-02-25  Sergey Sharybin <sharybin@nm.ru>
	Just started to this new stuff. Ready the plug-in stuff, hook  stuff  and  hive
stuff practically written. Dynastruc stuff is old :)
	Maybe in the future this will be the core of our new WebTester. But now it   is
just a collection of different usefull and e2u stuff.

	TODO:
		* hive.c:
			- Write the errors' handling stuff to hive_parse_iterator()
			- Write the comments' stiff to hive_parse_iterator()
